Until then, follow me. This is my old home.
Are you able to let him go if you want him to go?
Does it make any difference if I come to pick up my own celibacy?
Previously, I gave you two options.
First, stay in my old home and take the treasure. What are you doing when you are established?
Second, when you get out of here, never go back to my old home for the rest of your life.
It's not who, how do you know?
You know, I have ten thousand ways.
That you will never see.
The old minister told me
I have a thousand people
A very cold apology
A descendant of the original Jia Dangfeng
I'll ask him again, what did you say?
Always wait before paying attention